docs/01_overview.md, before:

# TSS overview

## Table of contents

- [Service description](#service-description)
- [Protocol](#protocol)
- [Transfer Initiation](#transfer-initiation)
- [Service Configuration](#service-configuration)
- [Key Generation](#key-generation)
- [Running The Service](#running-the-service)
- [Key Resharing](#key-resharing)

---

## Service description
Threshold signature service provides the processing and signing of the deposited token transfers to another chains.

To perform cross-chain transfers, all operations should be signed with ECDSA secp256k1 threshold (t-n) signature.
This signature is generated by the TSS network that consists of several parties (validators) that are running this service.

Validators communicate with each other to:
- generate the party secret shares for "obtaining" the general system private key;
- validate incoming transfers (deposit requests);
- form the pool of the withdrawal transactions and data to be signed on the current signing "session";
- sign the formed data required to perform the cross-chain transfer.
- optionally, to broadcast the signed withdrawal transactions (if any) to the network.

The TSS network requires a several parties launched by different validators.
The minimum number of active parties required to sign the data is defined by the threshold value T.

--- 

## Protocol

System protocol is designed to provide the secure and reliable cross-chain transfers based on TSS signing process.
It operates [tss-lib](https://github.com/bnb-chain/tss-lib) library for threshold signature generation.
Protocol implements secure messaging transport layer to provide the communication between parties according to the library requirements and recommendations.

More details about the protocol design can be found in the [document](./02_protocol.md).

---

## Transfer Initiation

To start with, the user should perform deposit operation on the source chain.
It also should contain the memo with the required information about transfer parameters (destination address, chain id etc.) to be processed by the TSS network.
See the [Performing Deposit](./03_performing-deposit) for more details on how to make a deposit for each supported network.

To initiate the transfer processing, the user should provide any of the available parties with the deposit operation data:
- transaction hash;
- transaction nonce (event index, VOUT of transfer etc.);
- source chain id.

After receiving the deposit data, the TSS network will start the process of withdrawal execution.

---

## Service Configuration

Service configuration is based on the configuration file that should be provided to the service during the launch or commands execution.
The configuration file contains the service settings, network settings, and other required parameters.
Additionally, the [HashiCorp Vault](https://www.vaultproject.io/) is used to store the most sensitive data like keys, shares etc.
See the [Configuration](./04_configuration.md) docs for more details on how to configure the system.

---

## Key Generation
The TSS key generation process is a first and crucial step in the TSS (Threshold Signature Scheme) protocol,
when the TSS key shares are generated and distributed among the TSS participants.
See the [Key Generation](./05_key-generation.md) documentation for more details on how to perform the key generation process.

---

## Running The Service
Check the [Running service documentation](./06_running-service) for more details on how to run the service in withdrawal processing mode

---

## Key Resharing

To add or remove the parties from the TSS network, the key resharing process should be executed.
It means that the secret shares of the new general system private key should be redistributed among the old/new parties.
Also, the entire ecosystem should be reconfigured and the funds should be migrated to the new system.

Check the [Key Resharing](./07_key-resharing) documentation for more details on how to perform the key resharing process.

Commit message:

Added motivation section to overview

docs/01_overview.md, after:

# TSS overview

## Table of contents

- [Service description](#service-description)
- [Protocol](#protocol)
- [Transfer Initiation](#transfer-initiation)
- [Service Configuration](#service-configuration)
- [Key Generation](#key-generation)
- [Running The Service](#running-the-service)
- [Key Resharing](#key-resharing)

---
## Motivation
Standard services which provide processing of cross-chain transfers are based on signing transactions by one oracle. 
This makes a risk of mistakes can be made by oracle, or money can be stolen. 
Also as it has only one oracle, there is only one point of failure, which means if something will be happened with oracle bridge will be stopped until it wont start working or be replaced by another one. 
Threshold service is developed as a decentralized solution to validate cross-chain transfers, using tss-lib it removes single point of failure making cross-chain transfers more secure.

---

## Service description
Threshold signature service provides the processing and signing of the deposited token transfers to another chains.

To perform cross-chain transfers, all operations should be signed with ECDSA secp256k1 threshold (t-n) signature.
This signature is generated by the TSS network that consists of several parties (validators) that are running this service.

Validators communicate with each other to:
- generate the party secret shares for "obtaining" the general system private key;
- validate incoming transfers (deposit requests);
- form the pool of the withdrawal transactions and data to be signed on the current signing "session";
- sign the formed data required to perform the cross-chain transfer.
- optionally, to broadcast the signed withdrawal transactions (if any) to the network.

The TSS network requires a several parties launched by different validators.
The minimum number of active parties required to sign the data is defined by the threshold value T.

--- 

## Protocol

System protocol is designed to provide the secure and reliable cross-chain transfers based on TSS signing process.
It operates [tss-lib](https://github.com/bnb-chain/tss-lib) library for threshold signature generation.
Protocol implements secure messaging transport layer to provide the communication between parties according to the library requirements and recommendations.

More details about the protocol design can be found in the [document](./02_protocol.md).

---

## Transfer Initiation

To start with, the user should perform deposit operation on the source chain.
It also should contain the memo with the required information about transfer parameters (destination address, chain id etc.) to be processed by the TSS network.
See the [Performing Deposit](./03_performing-deposit) for more details on how to make a deposit for each supported network.

To initiate the transfer processing, the user should provide any of the available parties with the deposit operation data:
- transaction hash;
- transaction nonce (event index, VOUT of transfer etc.);
- source chain id.

After receiving the deposit data, the TSS network will start the process of withdrawal execution.

---

## Service Configuration

Service configuration is based on the configuration file that should be provided to the service during the launch or commands execution.
The configuration file contains the service settings, network settings, and other required parameters.
Additionally, the [HashiCorp Vault](https://www.vaultproject.io/) is used to store the most sensitive data like keys, shares etc.
See the [Configuration](./04_configuration.md) docs for more details on how to configure the system.

---

## Key Generation
The TSS key generation process is a first and crucial step in the TSS (Threshold Signature Scheme) protocol,
when the TSS key shares are generated and distributed among the TSS participants.
See the [Key Generation](./05_key-generation.md) documentation for more details on how to perform the key generation process.

---

## Running The Service
Check the [Running service documentation](./06_running-service) for more details on how to run the service in withdrawal processing mode

---

## Key Resharing

To add or remove the parties from the TSS network, the key resharing process should be executed.
It means that the secret shares of the new general system private key should be redistributed among the old/new parties.
Also, the entire ecosystem should be reconfigured and the funds should be migrated to the new system.

Check the [Key Resharing](./07_key-resharing) documentation for more details on how to perform the key resharing process.
